README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/DxqGQVx4)



# Information on how to install/use the application barter.com 
[Use the project virtualenv when running Flask / Alembic commands. Activate the venv:

```bash
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

When you source the venv, the activate script sets a couple of useful environment variables and helper functions automatically:

- FLASK_APP=run (so `flask` commands will use the `run` module)
- FLASK_ENV=development
- flaskdb_migrate "message" → wrapper for `python -m flask db migrate -m "message"`
- flaskdb_upgrade → wrapper for `python -m flask db upgrade`
- flask_app_run → starts the dev server (`python -m flask run`)

These helpers are available only inside the venv and are automatically removed/restored when you run `deactivate`.

To create and apply a migration after changing `app/models.py`:

```bash
#create migration
flaskdb_migrate "describe your change - your name"

#apply migration
flaskdb_upgrade]



## Delivered Documents Case 

#Link to Kanban Board: 
- https://flyer-tray-35034484.figma.site 

# Link to Application Structure:
- https://punch-guide-99957516.figma.site 

# Database Design
- The Entity-Relationship Diagram (ERD) represents the conceptual data model of the application and is provided in `erd.md`.
- The physical database schema is implemented in PostgreSQL and defined using Data Definition Language (DDL). The complete DDL used in Supabase can be found in `schema.sql`.

# Link to Final User Stories: 
- https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/e2584391a1ed51dff4c00ca68ce5ef0112319973/barter.com%20-%20group%2023%20-%20final%20UserStories.pdf

# Link to Flowchart
- https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/58237a0e731c3fbc74b7454ecd82a8a325944b84/barter.com%20-%20group%2023%20-%20application%20flow.pdf 
- https://amused-clip-14241862.figma.site

# Link to User Interface prototype:
- evolution User Interface: https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/3d7672489b93d7837fc27e47220963a94395b4b3/EvolutionUserInterface.md 
- finale user Interface: https://www.figma.com/design/qhGCSW6y5SfgpUuQqfOpyZ/Barter.com---group-23---User-Interface?node-id=5-59&t=VP867ypVz8lcFcYZ-1

# Link to Explanation Algorithm [figma+docu]
- https://hide-final-63674429.figma.site 

# Link to presentation Oral Defense 
- presentatie: https://ugentbe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/eli_dhondt_ugent_be/IQD5urFEoTvHTINx1kAAlx08AQ_FkS0CnWrqRtIWrVHbCv8?e=iJDAXX
- demo video: https://ugentbe-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/eline_tielliu_ugent_be/IQBG9ho4S8e4SpEzaQNsoUiUAWFuUbp8ISN57iI0dadwwA8?e=ArAtbL&nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifSwicGxheWJhY2tPcHRpb25zIjp7InN0YXJ0VGltZUluU2Vjb25kcyI6MjEuNTh9fQ%3D%3D

Commit message:

Update README with feedback and meeting links
Added links to feedback recordings and meeting summaries.

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-22041afd0340ce965d47ae6ef1cefeee28c7c493a6346c4f15d667ab976d596c.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/DxqGQVx4)



# Information on how to install/use the application barter.com 
[Use the project virtualenv when running Flask / Alembic commands. Activate the venv:

```bash
source .venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

When you source the venv, the activate script sets a couple of useful environment variables and helper functions automatically:

- FLASK_APP=run (so `flask` commands will use the `run` module)
- FLASK_ENV=development
- flaskdb_migrate "message" → wrapper for `python -m flask db migrate -m "message"`
- flaskdb_upgrade → wrapper for `python -m flask db upgrade`
- flask_app_run → starts the dev server (`python -m flask run`)

These helpers are available only inside the venv and are automatically removed/restored when you run `deactivate`.

To create and apply a migration after changing `app/models.py`:

```bash
#create migration
flaskdb_migrate "describe your change - your name"

#apply migration
flaskdb_upgrade]



## Delivered Documents Case 

#Link to Kanban Board: 
- https://flyer-tray-35034484.figma.site 

# Link to Application Structure:
- https://punch-guide-99957516.figma.site 

# Database Design
- The Entity-Relationship Diagram (ERD) represents the conceptual data model of the application and is provided in `erd.md`.
- The physical database schema is implemented in PostgreSQL and defined using Data Definition Language (DDL). The complete DDL used in Supabase can be found in `schema.sql`.

# Link to Final User Stories: 
- https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/e2584391a1ed51dff4c00ca68ce5ef0112319973/barter.com%20-%20group%2023%20-%20final%20UserStories.pdf

#Link to audio/video recording of feedback sessions with partner
- https://we.tl/t-5i7Z7hMsta
#The three meeting summaries can be found in:
- `first_meeting.txt`
-`second_meeting.txt`
-`third_meeting.txt`

# Link to Flowchart
- https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/58237a0e731c3fbc74b7454ecd82a8a325944b84/barter.com%20-%20group%2023%20-%20application%20flow.pdf 
- https://amused-clip-14241862.figma.site

# Link to User Interface prototype:
- evolution User Interface: https://github.com/A-D-DBS-application/web-application-2025-group-23/blob/3d7672489b93d7837fc27e47220963a94395b4b3/EvolutionUserInterface.md 
- finale user Interface: https://www.figma.com/design/qhGCSW6y5SfgpUuQqfOpyZ/Barter.com---group-23---User-Interface?node-id=5-59&t=VP867ypVz8lcFcYZ-1

# Link to Explanation Algorithm [figma+docu]
- https://hide-final-63674429.figma.site 

# Link to presentation Oral Defense 
- presentatie: https://ugentbe-my.sharepoint.com/:p:/g/personal/eli_dhondt_ugent_be/IQD5urFEoTvHTINx1kAAlx08AQ_FkS0CnWrqRtIWrVHbCv8?e=iJDAXX
- demo video: https://ugentbe-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/eline_tielliu_ugent_be/IQBG9ho4S8e4SpEzaQNsoUiUAWFuUbp8ISN57iI0dadwwA8?e=ArAtbL&nav=eyJyZWZlcnJhbEluZm8iOnsicmVmZXJyYWxBcHAiOiJTdHJlYW1XZWJBcHAiLCJyZWZlcnJhbFZpZXciOiJTaGFyZURpYWxvZy1MaW5rIiwicmVmZXJyYWxBcHBQbGF0Zm9ybSI6IldlYiIsInJlZmVycmFsTW9kZSI6InZpZXcifSwicGxheWJhY2tPcHRpb25zIjp7InN0YXJ0VGltZUluU2Vjb25kcyI6MjEuNTh9fQ%3D%3D
